Resolve some minor issues (#727)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/reference/rpk/rpk-redpanda/rpk-redpanda-admin-config-log-level.mdx

journalctl -u redpanda
```

> This command prints out log messages since the node's last start. Include the `-f` flag in the command above to follow the log, seeing new messages as they appear. Most lines in the log follow this pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command prints out log messages since the node's last start. Include the `-f` flag in the command above to follow the log and see new messages as they appear. Most lines in the log follow this pattern:
```
